# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-11-17

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/6YlIQA02xZI>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1122>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Guy Bedford @guybedford (Guest)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No board meeting update
* No CPC update this week.

### nodejs/node

* doc: update conditions, add "deno" and "types" [#40708](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40708)
  * conditions in the package.json imports/export
    * allow custom resolution
    * for those that are not implemented, still value in having them well documented
      * examples could be browser or react native condition
    * Added a section to the doc called conditions-definitions - <https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v17.x/docs/api/packages.html#conditions-definitions>
  * If not documented, then there could be conflict between implementations using the same
    names
  * Right now 3 browser, development, production
  * Added some guidance as to when conditions can be added to the list
    * use case for why should be added to the list
    * should be some existing implementations
    * etc.
  * PR adds 2 new ones, types and deno. Types was added by angular. They do have
    others that we have not listed, but did not want to open that can of worms yet.
  * Could also be something that we move to the a different repo, place
  * Matteo a few concerns, but resolved in the current text
    * old text seemed to imply we supported them
    * branding/marketing
  * Michael - would this make more sense under the OpenJS Foundation
  * Guy, a while back considered a package.json spec, but pushback on that.
  * Matteo fine with it staying Node.js project
  * Michael Z, ok with it staying, but one advantage with being outside, is that it does not need to
    be linked to the Node.js documentation.
  * Antoine +1 to what Michael Z said
  * Michael point that resonated was documenting something that project has not documented.
  * Michael Z, also applies to types one, would be good to know that the project wants/intends to define
  * Guy, if getting confirmation of project interest make sense to people could be good criteria
  * Ronag, kinds of feels out of scope for Node.js project
    * which ones are relevant to Node.js
    * Matteo in strict terms, maybe just types
  * Development/production in webpack
  * No objection to landing in core if we get implementor feedback confirmation,
    move out later if there is enough momentum to do that later.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * No updates this week.

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1104> opened to discuss possible options
  * Ruben has listed a number of additional options that we should consider
  * Ronag, having vote on those 3 is not feasible
  * Trott, question of having vote on 3 is different from if those 3 is right.
    * too many will not result in positive outcome
  * Possible goals
    * Tamper Free everywhere
    * Tamper Free just for module loading
    * Selectively if possible without negative performance
    * Not tamper free
  * Approaches
    * primordials
    * move required code to C++
  * Ronag from first question, only viable option is Tamper Free just for X
  * Rich probably want to use tamper-resistant
  * Gireesh, performance should not be a consideration if people looking for hyper
    Performant for areas which are security critical. Rich not sure everybody will agree with that.
  * Gireesh, don’t use current performance as baseline.
  * Antoine, Bradley’s point was about ESM module system.
  * Ronag can make sense in module loading system, performance less important there.
  * Michael Z, complication is that module system uses other core modules
  * Ronag need list of modules that we want this for, along with deps.
  * Gireesh, we should let Ruben pitch in his proposals
  * Michael, to me is seems to come back to “where” and “how” as two potential questions.

### nodejs/TSC

* add security triaging to core repo GOVERNANCE.md and/or charter? [#1100](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1100)
  * Rich, putting together a meeting for people who might be willing to be involved in triage

### nodejs/next-10

* Mini- Summit Nov 18 -2021 [#99](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/99)
  * It’s tomorrow. Hope to see people there.

## Strategic Initiatives

* No update this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
