# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-12-02

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/oh8tHHAgYbc>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1131>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Mary Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Tierny -  nomination was on agenda for 7 days without objections. Welcome to the
  collaborators.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* No board meeting update this week
* No CPC meeting update this week

### nodejs/node

* stream: remove thenable support [#40773](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40773)
  * Seems to be general support for going directly to deprecation
  * Rich: between no objections and no objections in this meeting should be able to proceed.

* docs: Clarification around real world risks and use cases of VM module [#40718](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/40718)
  * Michael ask is to relax warnings that vm is not a security sandbox
  * James, agree that we should not relax
  * Rich, not time critical lets leave on agenda and discuss when Matteo is in the meeting.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * No updates this week

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * Last comment wsa ask from Gireesh to add/help clarify the options
  * Ask for more TSC members to join discussion in that issue.

### nodejs/TSC

* Add security triaging to core repo GOVERNANCE.md and/or charter? [#1100](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1100)
  * Rich set up meeting
    * clarified triage doc/process
    * have added 2 week rotation
    * Dec 15 planning another meeting for Matteo/Vladimir to give everybody else some Hacker
        one tips/pointers
  * Leave on agenda to close out on docs etc.

### nodejs/admin

* move bnb/devenv to nodejs/devcontainer [#641](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/641)
  * Rich no objection, have been experimenting with gitpod which time out but would be great if
    we could get this going.
  * Based on discussion in meeting and no objections in the TSC meeting, believe we can move
    forward

## Strategic Initiatives

* Core promise APIs- no update
* QUIC/HTTP3 - planning to get back to it in the next month, may be a number of smaller PRs

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
