# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-05-04

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VgvctMqBC0Y>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1220>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* NodeConf EU CFP 2022 opens soon.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* CPC - no meeting this week. Nothing urgent to share.
* Board - nothing to update this week.

### nodejs/node

* Make it possible to use Fetch with proxies or other agents [#42814](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/42814)
  * defer discussion until next time when we have Matteo?

* util: add parseArgs module [#42675](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42675)
  * Discussion about whether we can do a vote, no objections. Rich proposed vote, Michael
    seconded. Michael will issue to say plan to do vote objections.
  * Antoine agreed to set up a vote. Close vote in TSC meeting 2 weeks from now. Goal
    to have people vote by the next meeting. If this lands:
    * under process
    * under util

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * Some progress, Richard/Michael worked on PR needed to change for snaps repo.  Richard
    will and rename
  * Have setting unofficial builds on Monday

### nodejs/TSC

* doc: add TSC vice chairperson [#1219](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/1219)
  * closed, will simply include vice chairperson in election and TSC chair can already delegate
    based on current govenance
* 2022 TSC Chair election - Planning for May 1 ballot. [#1201](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1201)
  * Nominations open May 9

* Subscribe TSC email to OpenSSL mailing list [#1215](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1215)
  * No objections going to do it.

* End-of-Life dates of Node.js 16 and OpenSSL 1.1.1 do not align [#1222](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1222)
  * Delays in OpenSSL meant that 16 went out with 1.1.1, but it will go
    EOL 7 months before the EOL for 16.
  * Options,
    * Like we did for 8 we ended support early
    * Do an update to OpenSSL 3.x in 16. Would like be risky
  * 18 will already have been LTS for a year.
  * Myles we should talk to the Foundation to promote,

### nodejs/build-toolchain-next

* Initiative needs a champion [#13](https://github.com/nodejs/build-toolchain-next/issues/13)
  * Tweet went out after last TSC meeting thanks @joyeecheung, but still not volunteer to be the
    Champion.
  * Michael volunteered to remove, we can add back if we get a volunteer.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Core promises
  * No updates
* Quic/HTTP3 no updates
* Next 10 - no updates.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
