# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-04-13

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZfHunhosmU>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1209>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Board meeting updates
* CPC updates, nothing this week to mention

### nodejs/node

* Nominate Rafael Silva (@RafaelGSS) [#42527](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/42527)
  * Announced last week, nothing to discuss, issue now closed

* export v8 trace API [#42462](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42462)
  * Agreement with V8 team was that we not export this.
  * Question to the TSC is should we do this.
  * Current implementation needs more work, has some issues. Not comfortable
    that it is ready to be an exported supported API.

* module: ensure 'node:'-only modules can access node_modules [#42430](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42430)
  * Vote was close, doing a re-confirmation of the vote.
  * Colin, still need to merge the PR - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42430>
    * implements the falling back to userland.
    * please review and approve so we can land

* http: refactor headersTimeout and requestTimeout logic [#41263](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/41263)
  * Has been merged, nothing to discuss this week.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * No updates this week.

### nodejs/TSC

* 2022 TSC Chair election - Planning for May 1 ballot. [#1201](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1201)
  * FYI election schedule for chair election

* Daily notable summary - good idea? [#1194](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1194)
  * Discussed last time, will take off agenda and we can close discussion in the issue.

* Publishing specs for `Buffer` and `EventEmitter` [#1176](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1176)
  * Discussed in private session (as James joined after we ended the public session)
  * Removed agenda item, no initial concerns voiced in the meeting.

### nodejs/admin

* Create PAT for blocklist import/export [#672](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/672)
  * On the agenda so that we can get more approvals.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Core Promise APIs - no update this week
* Next-10 - good mini summit last week, PRs to capture strategies discussed/agreed
  * <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42660>
  * <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42709>

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
