# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-03-10

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/sgDT2ZcRSiQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1184>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Last CPC session was a working session on community fund
  * <https://github.com/openjs-foundation/community-fund/pull/11>

### nodejs/node

* Grant triagers the ability to re-run a failed CI [#42125](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/42125)
  * Gireesh added, there ended up being a number of issues in the discussion
  * Gireesh, first question should triaggers be able to run the CI
    * Robert, what are the security implications of that
    * Triagers only have access to labels.
    * Myles, limited to only test infrastructure
    * Michael, we nominate,approve triagers so we know them, which should limit risk
    * Nobody arguing that we don’t give access
  * Second question is about re-run CI
    * Michael, what about expectation to check for open issues before re-running
    * Robert, could backfire by creating spam type issues
    * Nobody voice concerns with allowing triagers to re-run CIs
  * Robert
    * Block based on security audit
    * Myles, we should not block
  * No objections if somebody wants to add label to resume CI
  
* Proposal: Adding a built-in test runner [#40954](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/40954)
  * Colin
    * Should we ship a built in test runner, Deno does, believe it makes sense
    * Even if you try to avoid npm dependencies you still have to install a test runner
    * Wanted to get more TSC feedback before spending more time on it
  * Michael what kind of size would it add to the shipped binaries
    * Colin, tap is 30MB, expect what we would provide would be far, far less and 1MB
  * Myles what about reporters, there are so many of those, what would we do, pick one
    or support many
    * Colin consensus seems to be just generate tap
  * Myles what about code coverage
    * Colin has been discussed, would likely want to incorporate C8.
    * Michael there is/was an open issue by Issac
  * Michael, possible to make stripped down version of tap
    * Colin, maybe but not volunteering to do that
  * Tobias
    * Would the test runner have a tap-like assertion interface (t.equal etc) or reuse node's assert?
  * If no other comments, will work on assumption brought to TSC, will work on PR.

* Add a `resume-ci` label to issues? [#40817](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/40817)
  * Already discussed in issue related to triagers
  * Richard it will be a lot more complicated to implement.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * These are the remaining repos
    * build:master - <https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/2761>
    * i18n:master - <https://github.com/nodejs/i18n/issues/502>
    * node:master
    * node-gyp:master - <https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp/issues/2495>
    * snap:master - <https://github.com/nodejs/snap/pull/17>
    * unofficial-builds:master - <https://github.com/nodejs/unofficial-builds/issues/35>

### nodejs/email

* Email cleanup tracking [#182](https://github.com/nodejs/email/issues/182)
  * Bunch of things that need to happen
  * On TSC agenda as FYI, removing lable

### nodejs/TSC

* nominating aduh95 as a Moderation Team member [#1182](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1182)
  * 72 hours nobody objected, approved. Thank you very much.

* Publishing specs for `Buffer` and `EventEmitter` [#1176](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1176)
  * Not time sensitive will wait for a time James can make it

* \[meta\] settle on a voting solution [#1165](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1165)
  * discussed before, agreed we should go for it.

### nodejs/admin

* Bot user for nodejs/corepack [#660](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/660)
  * Removed, from TSC agenda, no objections to bot user.

* blocklist import/export [#659](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/659)
  * discussed last time, no concern about mirroring, taking off of TSC agenda.

## Strategic Initiatives

* V8 - V8 9.9 and later are blocked on windows compiler issue, issue open in the V8 issue tracker. Would be great if anybody with Windows knowledge could help out
* Next-10

* Core promises - no update this week
  * Suitable types - next step PR in changes to doc style/api guides
  * Single binary exe's discussed in mini-summit but no champion to push forward, should probably still land something so we capture what we agreed would be best way forward
  * Modern http
    * undici landed/being tweaked
  * Documentation
    * PR goal to have inline example for all methods/functions - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42274>
    * Planning to work on documenting metadata
  * Planning for next virtual summit on WASM and Security, 7th of April
  * Planning for sessions at OpenJS World (common, review modern http progress, baseline review, ESM and Observability as technical deep dives)

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
