# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-07-20

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSz4LwljQ_8>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1261>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1261>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Michael - mini-mini summit on TypeScript related discussion.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* Michael, board meeting this Friday, no updates, my last board meeting
* CPC, elections cycles active

### nodejs/TSC

* Re-instate @ronag to TSC [#43897](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/43897)
  * Auto tool, generated PR based on our activity checks
  * Did vote in the chat, had enough people in the meeting for the vote to pass
    * vote caries, will close issue, re-instated.  

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/TSC

* Node.js CPC membership for 2022-2023 [#1258](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1258)
  * No objections, has been open. Joe/Rich are re-appointed for the next year.

### nodejs/i18n

* I would like to become a member [#612](https://github.com/nodejs/i18n/issues/612)
  * Investigating Crowdin instance, see if that is something that we want to keep going
  * Need a champion with significant time for Intl efforts
  * Leave on agenda until we figure out the Crowdin part.

### nodejs/loaders

* Proposal: Rename “loaders” to “hooks” [#95](https://github.com/nodejs/loaders/issues/95)
  * Geoffrey gave short update/status of the loaders effort
    * key part is being able to patch ESM modules as monkey patching is not possible in the way
      that it is for CJS
    * Last major todo for the ESM effort, ESM team module team no longer meets, instead the
      loaders team meets regularly.  Different group from modules team.
    * Have good list of tasks that need to be completed, have made good progress and working
      through remaining issues.
    * Related issues is more formal APIs to avoid people having to customize through monkey
      patching, in addition to loaders. Lead to discussion about renaming loaders to “hooks” of
      some sort.

## Strategic Initiatives

* V8 Currency: Updates still blocked on various issues: nodejs/node-v8#234 (comment)
* Startup performance: made it possible to handle failures of runtime snapshots gracefully [#43531](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/43531), working on sending the runtime snapshot PR for review
* Next-10
  * As mentioned planning another session on TypeScript related stuff
  * Planning for session on threading at next collaborator summit
  * Working on actions through - <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/blob/main/TECHNICAL_PRIORITY_WORKING_SUMMARY.md> and related issues in <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues>

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
