# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-11-09

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9l7-jV4WNU>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1304>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @JoyeeCheung (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week\
* Rich working on new meeting times due to timezone changes.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Nothing to report on this week

### nodejs/node

* Request for large-runners on Github CI [#45345](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/45345)
  * should be discussed in build team, taking off of TSC agenda

* async_hooks: add migration note [#45335](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/45335)
  * old issue where its captured that unlike to become stable due to internals usage
  * more async hooks fired with ESM, causing test failures
  * consensus that we’d like people to stop using
  * contentious issues is if we should accept it will never be removed, or should we try to remove
    it eventually.
  * Geoffrey has tried PR to indicate it would be removed at some point.
  * Rich what is hope for TSC question
    * Geoffery would like to land it
    * Matteo has block
    * Flarna would prefer it just say it will never become stable
  * Rich we probably need Matteo to close on this.
  * Geoffery will see if there is consensus otherwise propose async vote.

* doc: add Node.js Threat Model [#45223](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/45223)
  * Still on agenda for awareness please review/comment

* deps: vendor semver [#45127](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/45127)
  * Rich will comment, and we’ll remove agenda item for now.

*Inclusion in WinterCG Runtime Keys Proposal [#166](https://github.com/nodejs/tooling/issues/166)

* No objections from those present at the meeting (minus Ruben who left early).
  Will remove tsc-agenda item from the issue

### nodejs/TSC

* Experimental Features - Security expectations  [#1299](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1299)
  * discussed, Rich will add comment based on discussion, will remove agenda tag.

### nodejs/i18n

* Crowdin docs update [#714](https://github.com/nodejs/i18n/issues/714)
  * Anybody else interested in investing time/effort to get this working again?
  * Danielle/Darshan had shown some interest
  * Danielle meet with Rich and will put together some options for the TSC
    discussion.

### nodejs/undici

* Stable Fetch [#1737](https://github.com/nodejs/undici/issues/1737)
  * Matteo mentioned that there is no need to discuss this week.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Core Promise APIs
  * No update this week
* Next-10
  * Working on capturing updates from the summit and related survey.
* Startup Performance
  * making progress on supporting vm context in snapshot

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
