# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-05-25

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0LgDUmZIDg>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1230>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* OpenJS World - coming up week of June 6

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* CPC - nothing to mention
* Board, meeting this time June 6 instead of 3rd Friday of the month as in person with OpenJS World.

### nodejs/node

* Revert the change of network interfaces family from string to integer [#43054](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/43054)
* Revert the change of network interfaces family from String to Integer [#43014](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43014)
  * Antoine has question on revert
  * Richard -> believe problem may be that the tests are not resilient across the platforms
  * Ask to TSC members please review/comment in answer to antoines question.

* tools: add `.git-blame-ignore-revs` file [#43017](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/43017)
  * Ruben, sometimes also there to compare between version, can be confusing if we skip some changes. Would prefer to have all changes, but not super strong opinion
  * Beth, have a similar opinion to Ruben. Look at blame for release and would be confused if there were missing commits.  Contrary to what is in the issue, don’t think it helps with changes with churn.
  * Richard, as a releaser git blame is not the big issue with churn, but differences between lines and backports. Don’t see the point but would not object if others felt it was good.
  * Leave on agenda until we have a meeting with Darshan in attendance.

* Auto closing old stale PRs [#42981](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/42981)
  * We discussed in last weeks meeting and I should have removed from agenda. Did that now
    and there and no discussion is needed.

* Global `fetch` breaks `source-map` [#42638](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/42638)
  * Richard, usually flag when first experimental, and then remove the requirement for a flag.
    Maybe we did that too quickly this time.
  * Leave on the agenda to get opinions from more people

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * As discussed in last weeks meeting no objections to proceeding. Next step is to plan day to
    do the rename of the node repo. Michael/Richard will discuss/plan that.
  * Michael asked about just renaming i18n repo, may break crowdin but have not been able to
    contact/get help from somebody who knows about it. No objections from TSC for Michael to
    just go ahead and do it.
  
* process: add CLI opt to hide experimental warnings [#31000](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31000)
  * From the discussion there would be no objection from those who were there if there was an option to disabled specific experimental warnings and that was also supported in NODE_OPTIONS.

### nodejs/TSC

* End-of-Life dates of Node.js 16 and OpenSSL 1.1.1 do not align [#1222](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1222)
  * Richard, looked at possibility of using OpenSSL updates from centos stream project as it
    maintains OpenSSL for longer than OpenSSL project.
  * Unfortunately it’s more complicated than we thought might be the case and there are visible
    differences. For example some algorithms are removed. Based on the investigation cannot
    recommend that we use that as an alternative source.
  * No objections to shortening support in the issue, we agreed that we move forward with that.
  * If somebody came forward with a good alternative source for OpenSSL support we can
    reconsider.
  * Richard will PR in change.

* 2022 TSC Chair election - Planning for May 1 ballot. [#1201](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1201)
  * Concluded. Michael elected as Chair, Matteo as Vice-Chair. Nothing further to discuss.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Next-10 - next deep dive at OpenJS World (ESM/Observability).

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
