# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-07-06

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQJboe9KhnM>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1253>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Working on security release, hope to finalize new target soon, hoping for tomorrow but not yet certain.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* CPC - Time for elections/appointments from impact members. Need to figure out how we confirm who we want put forward.
* Board - 2nd Community director election is active. Michael not running this time.

### nodejs/node

* Move stream development out from core [#43520](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43520)
  * No new discussion in the issue
  * Discussion continuing in the issue, please jump in there.

* Proposal: Node.js vendor namespace [#43413](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43413)
  * Discussed last week
  * No new discussion in GitHub issue since last time
  * Discussion continuing in the issue, please jump in there.

* Consider explicit string formatting module [#43382](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43382)
  * Discussed last week
  * No new discussion in GitHub issue since last time
  * Richard there were 2 issues, should we have a color API and separately discussion on vendoring.

* util: add colorText method [#43371](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/43371)
  * This is issue that triggered some of the discussion on color APIs etc.
  * Lets let the discussion continue in GitHub for another week.

* build: add devcontainer configuration [#40825](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40825)
  * Michael: Tierney walked me through the setup, taking off the agenda.
  * Rich - related <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/43698>, adds support for GitPod, similar to codespaces, takes no cycles from our GitHub Actions allotment. Michael agree good to support multiple.

### nodejs/TSC

* Adding Geoffrey Booth as a TSC member [#1252](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1252)
  * Rich, plan to close vote, add voting data to TSC repo, and complete onboarding tasks.

### nodejs/i18n

* I would like to become a member [#612](https://github.com/nodejs/i18n/issues/612)
  * missed this one (sorry)

## Strategic Initiatives

* V8 Currency (same as last week): currently unable to update to >=10.3 due to multiple issues:
  * Windows (debug build): <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/43195#issuecomment-1135452762>
  * Linux (debug build): <https://github.com/nodejs/node-v8/issues/227>
  * macOS: <https://github.com/nodejs/node-v8/issues/229> (there's a suggested fix in the issue, but be prepared for other problems with tests after the compilation is fixed)
  * test-hash-seed started to fail recently: <https://github.com/nodejs/node-v8/issues/231>

* Core Promise APIs
  * No updates

* Next-10
  * meeting this week
  * Only 2 technical priorities we’ve not had deep dives on.
    * Discussed with  Michaël Zasso and agreed one on Keeping up with EcmaScript
      features does not make sense since we get that through v8 and process is
      well defined for that.
    * For “Better multithreading” thinking session at next collab summit would make sense.
  * Going forward main work will be figuring out how to support/surface/document the
    specific tasks we’ve identified in the deep dives as important to support the technical priorities

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
