# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-04-27

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2eh2d3bfjI>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1214>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates on the board front
* No updates on CPC front

### nodejs/node

* Make it possible to use Fetch with proxies or other agents [#42814](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/42814)
  * Discussion ongoing in GitHub, we’ll leave on agenda until next time to see
    if Matteo can help us with specific questions the TSC needs to answer.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * No update this week.

* util: add parseArgs module[#42675](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42675)
  * parseArgs module was added to Node.js, discussion over whether util or process object.
  * Question is to whether to expose from the process or util object.
  * Gireesh, similar situation with report (report or util). Settled on process in that case but think it
    is more fit for util module.
  * Darshan, does not really fit in with other things in util, most things already there are related to
    JavaScript
  * Richard, do no fully understand the security side. Process is available as global, util needs to
    be required.
  * Darshan, the recommended way is to require process.
  * Tobias, isn’t process unavailable in ESM?  Darshan/Rich believe it should work
  * Rich, May also need to wait to hear from Matteo as well.

### nodejs/TSC

* 2022 TSC Chair election - Planning for May 1 ballot. [#1201](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1201)
  * Mary proposed Vice-Chair last year, Gireesh mentioned that it would be good to idea as well.
  * Discussion on co-chair of vice-chair.
  * Rich is +1 as well
  * Rich need to check charter, to see if there is anything to change.
  * Ask for vice chair to be in different time zone, then stagger
  * Michael to open TSC issue to discuss/refine.

### nodejs/admin

* Create PAT for blocklist import/export [#672](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/672)
  * Approved and progressing, removed from agenda

### nodejs/build-toolchain-next

* Initiative needs a champion [#13](https://github.com/nodejs/build-toolchain-next/issues/13)
  * Mary does not have time to lead for now. We should find champion or remove from the list.
  * Richard addons could be broken off into their own initiative, that part would not need to be
    as closely built to node core. For node core probably needs more knowledge/contacts with
    existing node core work.
  * Tobias, existing work is around Node.js core.
  * Joyee anybody else actively working on it. Richard don’t think so.
  * Joyee, use twitter account,
  * Joyee will send tweet out using - <https://github.com/nodejs/tweet>

## Strategic Initiatives

* Startup performance
  * Adding embedded snapshot support to workers [#42867](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42867)
  * Requesting feedback about the user-land snapshot JS API: [#42617](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/42617), will open a PR soon
  * Opened a tracking issue about snapshot & packaging: [#42566](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/42566)

* Next-10
  * Submitted sessions for Node.js OpenJS World collab summit, ESM and Observability
  * PR to update doc guidance so that we can better parse/provide type information - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/41025>
  * Planning to follow PR with strategic initiative to convert docs one by one.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
