# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-05-18

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-ph1VOeRUE>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1228>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* OpenJS World Soon

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* CPC this week - working session - CoC update
* Board - nothing to update

### nodejs/node

* Revert the change of network interfaces family from string to integer [#43054](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/43054)
  * Discussed and agreed last week

* Revert the change of network interfaces family from String to Integer [#43014](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43014)
  * Discussed and agreed last week

* Auto closing old stale PRs [#42981](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/42981)
  * Discussed some positive comments and no objections to proceeding.

* util: add parseArgs module [#42675](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42675)
  * Agreement to close the vote.

* Global `fetch` breaks `source-map` [#42638](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/42638)
  * Had some top level discussion about problem in general.
  * Defer detailed discussion until next week when Matteo is here

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * Richard, in last 20 minutes rename the build branch to main
  * Michael, next issue is doing nodejs/node, don’t think there should be issues
    * Richard main concern in the past was about re-pushing main, believe we have a work
      around to prevent that.
    * Main thing will be that collabs need to update their references locally
    * Nobody raised issues of other things that might break
    * Michael, what should we to do message
      * at mention in issue, discussion etc.
      * post in OpenJS slack channel (s)
      * Richard we are probably in as good as a place as we can be
      * No objections from TSC members on proceeding

### nodejs/TSC

* End-of-Life dates of Node.js 16 and OpenSSL 1.1.1 do not align [#1222](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1222)
  * Richard investigating possibility of using RH OpenSSL
  * Rich should we decided now ?
  * Richard only needs a few more days
  * Richard will look a few more days, unless direction changes will likely result in shortening
    support.
  * Plan to confirm decision next week.

* 2022 TSC Chair election - Planning for May 1 ballot. [#1201](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1201)
  * on as FYI, unless there are objections Michael (Chair) and Matteo(Vice-chair) will be confirmed end of day May 20.

## Strategic Initiatives

* New one for which champion is not TSC member, planning for updatres on TSC meeting issue, and invites of
  champion to TSC meeting when needed.
* Core Promise APIs - no update.
* Startup performance - no update since last meeting.
* Next-10 - sessions at OpenJS World.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
