# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-02-23

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJEDkEmo5jQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1173>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Mary Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Rich - release yesterday
* Rich - new collaborators, Ben has rejoined the project.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Rich - no CPC meeting this week, topic was on Security. Talked about how to secure Node.js
  and JavaScript ecosystem.
* Board meeting tomorrow, nothing on my list to bring on Node.js front.

### nodejs/node

* doc: move bnoordhuis back to collaborators [#42064](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42064)
  * welcome back !

* doc: deprecate `crypto.getRandomValues` alias [#41779](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/41779)
  * Antoine
    * 2 crypto modules, Node one and WebCrypto
    * Alias was added getRandomValues
  * James only in the repl where the Node crypto is a global (also when using -p and
     -e). In other places only the WebCrypto is global.
    * getRandomValues was added as an alias to the WebCrypto version to make it easier to
      use.
    * If we agree that if there is to be a global it should be WebCrypto then we could deprecate
      the Node.crypto
  * James we have a process
    * Runtime deprecate Node crypto being exposed as global in repl
  * Antoine, flag already existing in 17.x to expose WebCrypto as global
  * Colin, how about hanging off global object. In all places we make them a global, add
    a global that additional modules are then added to.
  * James node global makes sense, just in general. Having platform specific global
  * Needs to be taken through a deprecation cycle
  * Ruben it might break a lot of user code where scripts in package.json files use the current globals
  * Nikita, keep current behavior, use three step process (for repl):
    1. keep the current behavior by default which is consistent with const crypto = require(crypto).
   `global.crypto` would be Web Crypto, just `crypto` in repl would be Node.js crypto.
    2. add a `node` global in repl, as suggested above, so both `node.fs` and `fs` could be used
    3. add a flag to disable (1) and keep only (2)

    That should unblock everything and give us a grace period if we want to doc-
    or runtime- deprecate (1) in the future. For that, it is important for (2) to be enabled by default.

    This might be a semver-minor change (for repl).
  * Plan for post v18.x
* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * Michael added comment with clarification on current status

### nodejs/TSC

* HTTP2 [#1168](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1168)
  * Michael gave a quick summary
  * James, needed to have it available to see if people were interested. GRPC is the
    only significant thing built on it. Most proxies don’t let HTTP2 through, they just forward on as http1.
    The plans are from them to forward HTTP3. Not a lot of ask/request for HTTP2.
  * We are open to contributions, but not a priority/critical for the project.
  * Michael will comment on the issue, to reflect the discussion.
* \[meta\] settle on a voting solution [#1165](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1165)
  * do we want a blessed solution
  * Rich we should just go with the proposal, if it does not work in the future, then change
  * Michael +1
  * Nobody objected in the meeting, so lets proceed.

* vote: future of primordials [#1104](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1104)
  * PR with results ready for review, Antoine would like review from Rich in terms of automation
  * closed, futures votes should have their own issues.

* Looking for feedback: Pointer compression in Node.js [#790](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/790)
  * agreed to close until we have a champion who wants to move it forward.

### nodejs/admin

* Bot user for nodejs/corepack [#660](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/660)
  * Leave on agenda until next time

* blocklist import/export [#659](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/659)
  * on the agenda for awareness
  * users blocked in Node.js will also be blocked in pkgjs and vice versa

## Strategic Initiatives

* Skipped for this time

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
