# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-09-07

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq5emxAZWbs>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1280>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Upcoming collaborator summit -

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* inspector: introduce inspector/promises API [#44250](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/44250)
  * Fundamental issue comes back to use of “node:” prefix
  * Antoine, would assume that would follow decision from “test” vote
  * Michael, that does not seem to be the belief from the discussion
  * Geoffrey, James, do not consider it new, so in this case since not new does not need the prefix.
    * Proposal
      * New module includes `node:`
      * Adding /promises to existing module that is ok, don’t need to put under `node:`. But is
        considered a breaking change as it might collide with an existing package and should
        be marked SemVer major by default.
      * Ok with everybody in the meeting
      * Michael will put PR to add something doc/contributing stuff

### nodejs/TSC

* nodejs/security-external and nodejs-private/security-external do not match [#1279](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1279)
  * They are supposed to have the same people, they don’t
  * Rich plans to sync them

## Strategic Initiatives

* Shadow Realm
  * ShadowRealm updates: nodejs/node#44179 and nodejs/node#44379 have landed, going to rebase nodejs/node#44348 to disentangle BaseObject with the Environment.
* Next-10
  * Planning for sessions in the upcoming Collaborator summit
* Antoine Core Promise APIs
  * see earlier discussion on inspector/promises
* QUIC/HTTP3
  * James - refreshed the PR. Some build/test APIs that he is working through
  * Does not expose any public API. Only has an internal JS API.
  * Concerned that there has not been past reviews.
  * Key things to look at, whole new set of C/C++ classes. JavaScrip just gives a light
    wrapper.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
