# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-02-03

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNafYAU9kDU>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1160>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Matteo - Fetch landed, Yay.
* Mary - Looking for people interested in forming a team/working group around the Future of build toolchains initiative.  Please comment on this issue - <https://github.com/nodejs/build-toolchain-next/issues/11> if you are interested in joining a team.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Rich - CPC session was focussed on security
* Michael - Board meeting, discussion was on security as well.

### nodejs/node

* Managing feature requests [#41113](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/41113)
  * Plan to land later today.

* docs: Clarification around real world risks and use cases of VM module [#40718](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/40718)
  * Rich planning to open Pull request with additional language this week.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * No updates this week.

### nodejs/TSC

* Handling unintended breaking changes [#1156](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1156)
  * Agreed last week on actions, still need to be on agenda.
  * Leave on until next meeting when Mary is here.

* Invite TSC members in the Google Calendar event for meetings [#1133](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1133)
  * We have received invites, making progress.

* vote: future of primordials [#1104](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1104)
  * Vote is open, 8 votes so far, closes in 1 more week.
  * Antoine will ping TSC in issue.

* Looking for feedback: Pointer compression in Node.js [#790](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/790)
  * Mary had added to agenda, asked if it is still something we should look at.
  * Matteo, has not impacted us so far, one of the original concerns is that we are using
    Non-compressed, browsers are using compressed. Worry was divergence in what is
    used/tested. This has not been a problem.
  * Richard - unofficial build exists (<https://unofficial-builds.nodejs.org/>). Not sure how many downloads there are.
  * Add pointers to unofficial builds to the issue and then close.

### nodejs/admin

* Update the GitHub management policy for Moderation [#656](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/656)
  * Not going to do it as its not yet feasible.

### nodejs/next-10

* Next 10 - Mini summit - Modern HTTP and Documentation [#108](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/108)
  * Summit held, removing TSC agenda tag, wil be closed out soon.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Mary - build chain
  * Wrote drafts of a preliminary analysis of `cmake`, `gn` and `bazel` based on the information from <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/901> and other issues. PRs with those drafts available at <https://github.com/nodejs/build-toolchain-next>
  * Closed <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/901>, future discussions will continue on the initiative repository
  * Also looking at what the first steps should be for native modules toolchain (hopefully we can deal with that before changing things in core, or at least in parallel with it)
  * Wondering if we should form a team/WG to tackle this initiative, since it's a huge effort both to plan and implement any solutions in this space. Call for volunteers? (@mhdawson can you call this last item out as part of the announcements at the beginning of the meeting?)
* Joyee - startup performance
  * Fixed class initializer support in v8 snapshot [CL](https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/c/v8/v8/+/3325912)
  * Looking into [the memory bug in v8 snapshots](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/40832)
  * Fixing mutated globals in V8 snapshots [CL](https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/c/v8/v8/+/3319481)
  * V8 turned off snapshot compression by default on desktop (in V8 9.8), which resulted in a size regression in Deno, and they fixed it by switching to lz4 and zstd. We can consider doing the same (V8 only uses zlib because that’s what chromium has)
* Antoine - Core promise APIs
  * Fetch has landed, new promise API :)

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
