# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-01-13

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/qOzQysk2bCo>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1148>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* OpenJS World CFP open, hope to see you there
* Security releases Jan 10, if you have not already done, check them out
* Renewed SSL certificates

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No CPC updates, no meeting this week. Some work going on license verification
* Work going on related to documenting the programs under the community fund

### nodejs/node

* doc: make contributing info more discoverable [#41408](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/41408)
  * No objections

* Managing feature requests [#41113](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/41113)
  * Gireesh, often user outlines, but is not technical enough, but there are no takers

* docs: Clarification around real world risks and use cases of VM module [#40718](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/40718)
  * Continue to get reports from people using the VM module to make a sandbox, but we are not
    aware of how they get that to work.
  * We already doc that it is not safe to do that - <https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v17.x/docs/api/vm.html#vm-executing-javascript>
  * The question to TSC is, is the current text strong enough? If not how do we want to make the
    text stronger.
  * Rich: it should be stronger.
  * James: people keep doing it because they have a need. Anna had some work in the
    past along the lines of what is needed in the past.
    * Sketching out designs, hope to get to it later in the year.
  * Chalker: Propose that we say any combination of some JavaScript code as isolation is
    unsafe.
  * Consensus that it should not be used, people are happy to make text stronger, just needs
    somebody to come up with the stronger text.
  * Rich: moving text might help.
  * Michael: making it bigger ?

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * No progress this week.

### nodejs/TSC

* Nominating Darshan Sen (RaisinTen) to be a TSC member [#1141](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1141)
  * Vote complete, nothing to discuss.

* Invite TSC members in the Google Calendar event for meetings [#1133](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1133)
  * Mary was added as Calendar maintainer this week and that was the next step.

* vote: future of primordials [#1104](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1104)
  * Antoine: will drive for the first vote.

* add security triaging to core repo GOVERNANCE.md and/or charter? [#1100](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1100)
  * close, nothing to discuss.

### nodejs/admin

* Adding jasnell to security-triage [#647](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/647)
  * Already closed, nothing to discuss.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Core Promise APIs
  * No update this week
* Quick/HTTP
  * No update this week
* V8 Currency
  * V8 9.7 updated last week but cannot land as it breaks npm. But there is a PR to fix it.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
