# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-11-23

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/b8B6AIGv7Yg>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1309>

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Board updates
  * Board working on budget for next year, the current economic times means that there is a need to be cautious
  * Will not be a big conference next year, instead a smaller event on top of another Linux foundation conference (Open Source Summit). Will be much cheaper.
  * Likely 2 of these smaller ones
  * Plan to line up collaborator summit with these events
* No CPC updates this week

### nodejs/TSC

* Nominating RafaelGSS to the TSC [#1308](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1308)
  * looking very positive in the issue.

* Help need on V8 related <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/44710>, last thing that needs to
  land as a prereq to making loaders stable. Instrumentation vendors are waiting for loaders to
  be stable before supporting ESM.
  * Targos mentioned it is not V8 related, may need help from somebody with expertise in
    bootup/startup.
  * Anna has been helping a bit as well

## Strategic Initiatives

* (Chengzhong) Shadow Realm
  * PR - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/45547>
  * Discussion about creating a team to collaborate on that
* (Joyee) Startup performance
  * No too much to report, added more things into startup snapshot
  * What is being added is user snapshots
* Next-10
  * working on survey
  * incorporating feedback from the summit
* Single executable apps
  * Would like some reviews on - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/45298>

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
