# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-03-29

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXDzChvgVlo>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1363>

## Present

* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Claudiio Wunder @ovflowd (guest)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Node.js 20 doing cutoff soon. April 1st. See - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/releases.md#release-branch> for details.
* NodeConf.eu CFP is now open with a focus on Node.js core. Apply! <https://sessionize.com/nodeconf-eu-2023/>
* Nomination for a new TSC member - <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1364>

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

Here's a copy/paste from openjs-foundation/cross-project-council#1031 about stuff that's happening with the CPC:

* Election will be kicking off soon for the primary director seat for the CPC
* Looking to enable Codespaces for our projects, We are going to look into a partnership.
* Kicking off partnership conversations with Vercel to use their services for the Foundation’s site and other needs.
* Working to create some documentation / web page to describe the collaboration model of OpenJS projects
* Working on a satisfaction survey for project leads to get feedback for the CPC.

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/next-10

* Metadata Proposal for Docs [#166](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/166)
  * Claudio took us through the key updates to the proposal based on the feedback
     that was received in the initial update.
  * Internationalization, was pulled. Benefits versus costs were too low in terms of maintainability
  * Move to using a single file, metadata is at start of markdown file
  * Tobias
    * All metadata included in single file just like today
    * Claudio, yes, but just more structured
    * There will still be more smaller files,
    * Michael still need to edit multiple files in some cases as there will be multiple files for a
      given topic.
    * Tobias, would description of each function be in markdown or yaml?
      * Claudio arguments would be in yaml, but description in the markdown
    * Tobias, there are 2 separate locations, one with metadata and one with description
    * Claudio - Links still work the same if looking on GitHub versus website
    * Tobias, since metadata in the same file, do we gain the same benefits by changing existing
      files, could we write up the arguments in a standard way versus yaml up top
      Claudio.
    * Tobias, example repo for new proposal?

### nodejs/node

* lib: runtime deprecate punycode [#47202](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/47202)
  * consensus in the meeting was to wait until v21, Rich will add comment to issue.

### nodejs/TSC

* Proposal: Making performance team a working group [#1343](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1343)
  * discussed already, agreed to make it strategic initiative, remove the agenda tag.

## Strategic Initiatives

* QUIC - James, managing to slice out some pieces and getting them landed
* Shadow Realm - Chengzhong no news this time
* Startup Snapshot - Joyee making progress on the SEA integration, needs more tests
* Next 10 - survey being planned, Foundation engaged to help - <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/blob/main/surveys/2023-04/questions.md>
* Rafael - permission model, have found a design issue, consensus to drop the deny
  functionality

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
