# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-03-15

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dg-sPfllw5c>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1355>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Rich - 19.8.1 release today, which fixed regression from release yesterday

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* At CPC meeting support for proposed charter change, just waiting for approvals to accumulate on CPC side
* No board week update

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* stream: bump default highWaterMark [#46608](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/46608)
  * active vote going on right now, 19 votes so far out of 22 TSC members, please
    vote if you have not already

* Increase default 'max_semi_space_size' value to reduce GC overhead in V8 [#42511](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/42511)
  * on agenda as an FYI for another default that we may want to change
  * Let’s leave on agenda until @ronag is at the meeting to give more context etc.

### nodejs/TSC

* Add GN configurations to Node [#1353](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1353)
  * Joyee, ask is just to include the gn files, my opinion is that is a good thing. Good to help
    other projects and also will help us if V8 finds issues earlier.
  * Tobias, one concern is if we don’t test it may diverge, should we add testing?
  * Joyee, my opinion is we should not burden the collaborators, so ok if broken sometimes
  * Joyee will capture discussion and that 10 TSC members in attendance did not raise any concerns/objections with simply including the files/but project not maintaining them.
* Update charter to address membership challenges [#1350](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/1350)
  * some discussion, progressing
* Update Security Working Group [#1348](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/1348)
  * On the agenda for visibility, now has enough approvals, Rich will land.
* Proposal: Making performance team a working group [#1343](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1343)
  * Rafael, usually they have an end?
  * Rich, V8 currency is an example where there is no fixed end goal
  * Let’s leave on the agenda for another week
* Moving away from Team Discussions [#1340](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1340)
  * agreed Michael Z should move forward.

### nodejs/admin

* Moving all translation to Crowdin and retiring all i18n groups [#763](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/763)
  * 3 things that need to happen
  * most people on the i18n teams are not active in Node.js project
    * Announce to all Translators about the move to Crowdin (probably via Org-wide Discussions)
    * Then remove the members and teams
    * Accept the invites on Crowdin?

## Strategic Initiatives

* Core promises - Antoine - no update
* Startup Performance - Joyee. Discussing about snapshot support in SEA implementation.
  Have good idea how it should be. Next step is to discuss layout. Likely to have some design
  This week for discussion.
  * may rename the initiative to snapshot versus perf
* Next-10

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
