# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-08-30

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmblNHpNiQM>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1431>

## Present

* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates this week

### nodejs/node

* URL does not match the web; does not allow changing protocol from `about:` [#49319](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/49319)
  * Yagiz added. WHATWG Cannot change URL from file to http for example. But no other browsers follow that.
  * Another is opaque host URLs, which different browsers handle differently
  * TSC question, strictly following URL specification and related to browser compatible wording
  * Geoffrey: spec is only useful for compatibility, what is important if code all runs in the same place
    * Might be that browsers are not aware they are breaking the spec, good to open issue with spec/browsers, good chance spec might change
  * Tobias: agree we should raise issue with WhatWG, preferable to follow spec as browsers don’t always align.
    * If we say we follow the spec, then avoids discussion/comparisons every time.
  * Michael could be 1) follow standard, 2) if all web does not follow standard then ok to follow the defacto standard instead if one exists

* esm: add import.meta.dirname and import.meta.filename [#48740](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/48740)
  * proposal to WinterCG is just waiting there
  * waiting for next WinterCG repo in Sept, possibly wait for October one but that might be long enough. Only issue was around forward slashes in Windows.
  * James mentioned adding properties are negligible, but would be good if somebody else could take a look as well as could have a big impact.

### nodejs/TSC

* Additions to `import.meta` [#1430](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1430)
  * most people on thread are thinking its SemVer minor
  * lets leave on agenda to discuss with a larger group

* Collaborator Meeting before the NodeConfEU [#1422](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1422)
  * removed from agenda

### nodejs/admin

* Nominations for OpenJS CPC voting members [#819](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/819)
  * FYI, volunteer now if interested.

* Redesign of Node.js Website [#818](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/818)
  * removed from agenda, discussed in presentation from Claudio last week.

### nodejs/undici

* expose websocket in node bundle [#2217](https://github.com/nodejs/undici/pull/2217)
  * waiting to discuss when we have Matteo, nobody objecting in the PR, it does not actually expose anything publicly yet.
  * we don’t have enough people in the meeting to provide feedback from the TSC today.

## Strategic Initiatives

* skipped for this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
