# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-02-22

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0O4Iw2t5m0>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1344>

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Security releases went out last Thursday, but some fetch related issues in 18.x, 19.x.
  New release went out this week with fixes along with update npm 9 that fix issues
  that people have reported.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* doc: add request to hold off publicizing sec releases [#46702](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/46702)
  * Michael quick overview on agenda FYI

* Request: mark test runner stable in Node 20.0.0 [#46642](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/46642)
  * James - any remaining issues?
  * Colin, done depending on your opinion, there are requests for additional features, mostly stable.
  * Michael, does not need to be “feature complete”, just at state were we won’t be breaking people
  * Colin, comfortable with it being stable.
  * Ask is to review issue and comment if you support or if you have concerns.

* stream: bump default highWaterMark [#46608](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/46608)
  * There is an objection, trying to figure out if objector still objects
  * Leave on agenda and see where we are next week.
  * Rafael mentioned that it could probably use some measurements to show benefit
  * Rafael also mentioned that it should be SemVer major (James tagged it as so)

* Confused setTimout behaviour in NodeJS [#46596](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/46596)
  * Anatoli, opposed to making timer changes due to the effects that it could have as well as making it more confusing versus less.
  * James we already don’t follow the standard, so that argument does not motivate
  * Lets take the discussion back to GitHub, will remove tsc-agenda and Anatoli will comment on the issue.

* net: rework autoSelectFamily implementation [#46587](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/46587)
  * On TSC agenda for visibility, will remove agenda item as FYI done.

### nodejs/TSC

* Moving away from Team Discussions [#1340](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1340)
  * Added to TSC agenda for visibility
  * The 8 people we had in the meeting were ok with the suggestion.

* Proposal: drop mandatory meeting attendance requirement [#1338](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1338)
  * Does not seem to be any objections
  * Somebody should submit PR to charter to remove the text. (Colin will do that)
  * The email will be sent to CPC to get approval

### nodejs/admin

* Website migration to Vercel [#766](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/766)
  * Discussion is continuing
  * We can revisit once we have current website moved to next.js

### nodejs/llhttp

* Handle extra spaces in status line [#216](https://github.com/nodejs/llhttp/pull/216)
  * Robert added more than a month ago to discuss the state of maintenance
  * Rafael, commented in the last meeting. We were supported to create issue to discuss status separately.
    * Had talked with Paolo, hard to maintain, talked about re-writing.
    * next step is Paolo will open an issue which covers the challenges where discussion can
      take place.

### nodejs/next-10

* Metadata Proposal for Docs [#166](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/166)
  * Covered last week, remove tag from agenda

## Strategic Initiatives

* James - QUIC/HTTP3
  * Part of QUIC changes affecting crypto were pulled out and landed
  * earlier this week landed part that backs blogs, making QUIC PR smaller
  * hoping by making it smaller it will be more consumable

* Next-10
  * Working on survey

* Single executable
  * First bit landed and in core

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
