# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-06-21

## Links

* **Recording**:  
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1404>

## Present

* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Rich Trott @Trott (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Rafael - new security release
* Matteo - still looking for more submissions to NodeConf.eu

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Matteo - board updates
  * Some discussions on changing the bylaws for Foundation and CPC involving board representation.  Currently 3rd CPC seat is not activated, proposal is to repurpose for the CPC. Looking for CPC representation to grow as the number of projects in the Foundation
  * Various foundation events coming up - need to start to make plans for collab summit in fall.
  * Rich, proposal is to refocus the collaborator summit to be Node.js focussed
* Rich - CPC updates
  * Issue of balancing privacy versus transparency in the travel fund. There is a discussion on this front in the CPC repo - <https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/397>

### nodejs/node-gyp

* DISCUSSION: Release handling [#2860](https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp/issues/2860)
  * We have one volunteer.
  * Poll TSC members and try to have smaller meeting to discuss
    * Michael volunteered to send email to TSC to see who would join a meeting to discuss

### nodejs/node

* lib: add `navigator.hardwareConcurrency` [#47769](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/47769)
  * We had some discussion on the pull request
  * Matteo with readonly stuff
  * Moshe - we should make sure to run CITGM as well
  * Objection lifted, discussion can continue in the issue itself.

### nodejs/TSC

* Remaining OSSF Funding [#1384](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1384)
  * Rafael - we have some remaining funding related to security.  If no objections on proposal weâ€™ll ask OpenJS foundation in terms of how we handle contracting.
  * Michael will at mention Robin with the questions.

* CLI tools behind a Nodejs namespace [#1178](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1178)
  * leave on agenda until meeting where we have Danielle.

### nodejs/admin

* Archive nodejs/help in favour of a Help Section on Discussions [#802](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/802)
  * now closed, agreed that we should leave as is.
  * Gireesh will look on how we can increase involvement in help repo as well.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Chengzhong - Shadow Realm - no update
* Joyee - Startup Snapshot, adding support for snapshots in Single Executable applications: <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/46824>
* Michael - Next-10 - PR for survey results - <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/pull/215>

* Robert - issue with latest Node.js container
  * base image has been updated to latest
  * if you run image with version of docker installed on LTS versions of ubuntu, it just crashes
  * Richard, docker images are under a working group, so decisions are delegated to them
    * Their position is you should use tag that points to specific distro (for example buster)

* Richard some redirects were broken (possibly for a few years), FYI that will remove instead of trying to fix.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
