# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-05-03

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_iAbWu7KLs>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1381>

## Present

* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* OpenJS Conference next week, including collaborator summit

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Board updates
  * CPC proposing some changes to foundation bylaws in respect to
    how community directors are elected. Important that people
    take a look to make sure they donâ€™t have any concerns.
    <https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1055>

### nodejs/TSC

* Adding the OpenJS Foundation staff as a billing manager for nodejs-private [#1376](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1376)
  * No objections from the 6 TSC members at the meeting, will make note in issue and the remove from agenda.

* Opportunity: Grace Hopper Open Source Day (virtual) Sept 22, 2023 [#1372](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1372)
  * Believe past submission date so can take it off the agenda

* 2023 TSC Elections [#1383](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1382)
  * FYI on upcoming election for Chair and Vice-chair

* openjs-foundation/cross-project-council [#397](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/397)
  * Travel fund was migrated from Node.js project to CPC/Foundation level so all projects could use the travel fund
  * Has enabled lots of things
  * Today you must make public request with info on conference info, travel dates etc.
  * Question being discussed about privacy. The requesting info might be problematic.
  * Discussion is that requests may be made private versus public
  * If anybody has concerns about requests being private versus public please jump into the discussion.
  * Danielle, have not asked for funds due to public nature of it so has been a barrier in that sense.

## Strategic Initiatives

* ShadowRealm (Chengzhong) - Working on the finalization order of base objects and their nested fields when the shadow realm is being finalized - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/47688>.

* Startup Snapshot (Joyee) - issue with upstream v8, they are extending what is in read only heap, which could corrupt the code cache with the way we build it currently. Also worker code does not work well with that: <https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/47636>. Working on <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/47731> to fix the worker part. V8 team is looking into preventing the code cache corruption.

* SEA (Darshan) - no major updates

* Next-10 - Survey is complete, more than 1600 responses, thanks to everybody who contributed. Results to be shared at collaborator summit and in Next-10 repo later on.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
