# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-05-17

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgl_Z2JjK_s>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1387>

## Present

* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (voting member)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* James Snell @jasnell (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Tobias Nie√üen @tniessen (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Michael, great collaborator summit/OpenJS World last week.
* Ronag, blog post from Rafael on state of Node.js performance is a good read for everybody - <https://blog.rafaelgss.dev/state-of-nodejs-performance-2023>

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates this week

### nodejs/TSC

* 2023 TSC Elections  [#1382](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1382)
  * On the agenda for awareness

* Adding the OpenJS Foundation staff as a billing manager for nodejs-private
[#1376](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1376)
  * Discussion ongoing in issue on how we might reduce usage
  * No concerns/objections from the 9 TSC members who were in attendance
  * Michael may want to try to avoid running automatically and instead kick them off manually in the private repo.
  * Geoffrey, maybe run in order of increasing cost ?
* Opportunity: Grace Hopper Open Source Day (virtual) Sept 22, 2023 [#1372](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1372)
  * Submission made, waiting to hear if accepted

* Tools behind Nodejs namespace [#1178](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1178)
  * Danielle, some discussions at collab summit related to this
  * node-core has been secured on npm
  * Danielle, how do we now move forward with it
    * will put together migration plan, work for consensus

### nodejs/admin

* Self-nomination: Nominate @ovflowd to the Moderation Team [#793](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/793)
  * On agenda as FYI to TSC as per governance.

## Strategic Initiatives

* QUIC - James, landing pull requests incrementally to move it forward - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/47927>

* Startup Snapshot - PR request open to migrate Js2c to C++ to enable more compression options/build time. Could use some reviews : <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/46997>

* Next-10 - Survey closed just before collab summit last week. Good feedback on existing technical priorities as well as on ESM usage and pain points with Node.js. Next-10 team is working on doing some sanitization and then will land in the Next-10 repo.

* Performance - (Ronag) stuck on a number of issues due to expertise on the native side. Would love some help from James or Anna
  * James, just reach out to me on slack.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
