# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-10-11

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5xaDUCggio>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1451>

## Present

* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Node.js 21 being released next week
* Node.js 20 goes LTS a week later

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates this week

### nodejs/node

* Proposal: Detect ESM syntax in every ambiguous file [#50064](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/50064)
  * On agenda as an FYI, this is an alternative approach to flipping default with --default-type=module. Seems to be more acceptable.
* If it seems like detection is the way to go then, likely makes sense to remove --default-type=module.
* If we are going to do that then we should likely not promote it overly. What Rafael has in the release notes now, is what we should use.
* Rafael good to note that we are considering automatic detection as alternative to this flag. In blog post

* The env var `NODE_V8_COVERAGE` intermittently causes the test runner to hang [#49344](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/49344)
  * Some discussion in the issue is not new in v20.x so it may not make sense to call out specifically in the release blog post.
    * Matteo, issue seems to be much more prevalent on v20.x so worth calling out in 20 LTS changelog and blog post.
      * We should still call it out in the v20.x, include in both changelog and blog post.
  * Rafael suggestion to see if updates in 21.x in V8 happen to fix it.

### nodejs/admin

* Collaborator Changes - More Privacy [#834](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/834)
  * Removed from agenda as we discussed last week.

* Have a mascot [#828](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/828)
  * Removed from agenda as we discussed last week.
  * Foundation staff moving forward with proposal to get process started.

* Create `nodejs/socket` repository for Node.js implementation of Cloudflare's Socket API [#826](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/826)
  * Colin seems pre-mature
  * Michael I agree
  * Matteo, concerned about adding before they have proven to be performant
  * Commented in issue that for those in meeting seems premature.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Next-10 - Michael
  * next deep dives might be on
    * what the project would like from foundation
      * Geoffrey would be good to be able to get more surveys
    * how to increase corporate involvement/support
      * Geoffrey, Yagiz had issue with windows could use more corporate support
        on the Windows support side.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
