# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-05-15

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_-4Wb-rC6c>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1555>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
a *Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (voting member)
* Amir Montazery (Guest from OSTIF )
* Derek (Guest from OSTIF)
* Rich Trott @Trott (regular member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Rafael: TSC nomination for Marco has passed
* Michael: Next-10 - survey closing on May 24th please participate

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates this week.

### nodejs/node

* Ambassador program #52857
  * Michael: high-level overview of the program
  * No concerns/objections from the 11 TSC members in the meeting

* deps,lib,src: add experimental web storage #52435
  * Just waiting for feedback from Board on sqlite

* lib: replace MessageEvent with undici's - 52370
  * skip until next time when we have Matteo

### nodejs/TSC

* Allow collaborators to share Github Sponsors link in project readme [#1552](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1552)
  * Chengzhong, good to make it clear it is individual sponsorship, one-on-one.
  * Richard, share concern, does adding those links, set any unwarranted expectations, would it
    change the dynamics on the projects. Similar discussion of problem where people see
    OpenJS get funding and that leads to people believing that collaborators is funded.
  * Ruy, it should be very standard, and should only be “sponsor me”
  * Antoine, we should ask all the collaborators so that we get their input.
  * Antoine, automation would also need to be updated as
  * Next step, ask Yagiz if he’d like to send a PR to docs

* Package-maintenance, installation approach viewpoint [#1549](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1549)
  * Key point is:
    * Our view is that the optimal way to install Node.js and bootstrap components like a package manager is through one or more external tools.
  * Richard, some concerns that we may have a package manager which was not build/specified
    by the project
  * Matteo, there are two kinds, some like nvm, fmn, volta, they do not recompile, they use the
    the community binaries.
    * We should recommend package managers that ship community binaries

* Coordinating nodejs security audit report finalization and publication [#1546](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1546)

* May is the month for TSC Elections [#1545](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1545)
  * Heads up nominations close May 17th.

### nodejs/node-core-utils

* Revert required certify safe [#805](https://github.com/nodejs/node-core-utils/pull/805)
* Allowing using `request-ci` label for  collaborators in unapproved PRs [#801](https://github.com/nodejs/node-core-utils/issues/801)

## Strategic Initiatives
* Skipped as we ran out of time this week

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
