# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-05-22

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVowuG_eIts>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1561>

## Present

* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Matteo - NodeConf.eu is back, in Waterford this year. 3-6 of November. Tickets are already on
  sale and CFP is open. Big thanks to Neaform for hosting again.
* Rafael - Welcome to Marco to the TSC
* Richard Lau - Node.js 18 release, fixed issue with idle connections with http, also fix for
  finalization registrations.
* Stephen, doing collaborator onboarding tomorrow, feel free to join.

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Matteo
  * board meeting this Friday, should get an answer about SQLite licence.
  * big announcement about OpenJS Foundation ecosystem sustainability program, allows
    companies to step up for EOL release support and at the same time do a revenue share
    Model. JQuery likely to be first to opt-in.  At some point Node.js project will need to decide to
    opt in or not.
* Rafael, related to the initiative Robin came last time about. Matteo different, submission was
  made last Friday.

### nodejs/node

* Backport undici MessageEvent to v20. [#53009](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/53009)
  * Matteo, the question is. We change 4 errors that are standard errors, the text was modified.
    * proposal is to backport to 22 and not to 20 and 18.
    * argument is that the errors would be spec compliant
  * No objections from the 11 TSC members in the meeting

* doc: add links to security steward companies [#52981](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/52981)
  * No concerns from the 11 TSC members who were in the meeting today.

* Ambassador program [#52857](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/52857)
  * Discussed again, no comments from TSC members present.

* deps,lib,src: add experimental web storage [#52435](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/52435)
  * Just waiting on the board decision on SQLite

### nodejs/TSC

* Allow collaborators to share Github Sponsors link in project readme [#1552](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1552)
  * Discussion will continue in the issue

* Package-maintenance, installation approach viewpoint [#1549](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1549)
  * Some discussion, Michael gave overview

* Coordinating nodejs security audit report finalization and publication [#1546](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1546)
  * Amir came last week, but still waiting on report to move forward

* May is the month for TSC Elections [#1545](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1545)
  * Leaving open until end of week, if no objections nominees will be acclaimed.

### nodejs/tap2junit

* add publishing credentials to repo secrets [#56](https://github.com/nodejs/tap2junit/issues/56)
  * Added as seems like we donâ€™t have a great way to publish packages like tap2junit
  * Richard we have at least 2 python packages which we need to publish at time, we likely want
    to follow same approach that is used for publishing to npm.
  * This is the admin issue to discuss - <https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/863>
  * Chengzhong, have applied for an org, but no response, so we should likely just create an
    account for the node.js project and move forward

### nodejs/node-core-utils

* Revert required certify safe [#805](https://github.com/nodejs/node-core-utils/pull/805)
  * closed, so assumed resolved

* Allowing using `request-ci` label for  collaborators in unapproved PRs [#801](https://github.com/nodejs/node-core-utils/issues/801)
  * closed, so assumed resolved

### nodejs/next-10

* Planning for next deep dive  - Funding  [#273](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/273)
  * on agenda for FYI.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Chengzhong - Shadow Realm
  * No updates
* Joyee - Snapshots
  * Still making progress on reproducibility
* Michael
  * upcoming Deep Dive on funding
  * Survey closes this week, lots of responses, keep them coming in

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
