# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-06-26

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DlrCDjGPKgQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1585>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (voting member)
* Robin Ginn (Guest - OpenJS Executive director)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Rafael: Heads up - security release planned for July 2nd.

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No update this week, but board meeting is this Friday.

### nodejs/node

* doc: deprecate NaN or negative number as delay to setTimeout and setInterval [#53005](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/53005)
  * Benjamin - believe we have achieved consensus. Going to change process to allow warnings
    Outside of deprecations. Wanted warning if something that gets accidentally converted
    To 1.
  * Process changing PR - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/53513>
  * Antoine, we don’t want to deprecate, that is because HTML spec does not want to deprecate

### nodejs/TSC

* Open OpenCollective and Github Sponsors for Node.js [#1553](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1553)
  * Still active but nothing specific to discussion. Agreed to remove agenda tag for noe.

* New Strategic Initiative on Primordials [#1439](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1439)
  * Ask is if anybody else wants to Champion the initiative?
  * Geoffrey, does it need to be an initiative or could somebody just make a specific suggestion.
  * Benjamin likely needs to be an initiative as it's going to be hard to get consensus. Lots of plus
    and minuses, so will need to listen to all points of view and build consensus.
  * Ruben, how about Ruben/Antoine come together and make a proposal.
    * Agreed, so that is a good next step.

### nodejs/admin

* Better process for communicating feedback to members by the TSC [#876](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/876)
  * Benjamin
    * Moderation team is very quick to give feedback, but TSC is much slower
    * We should scope time to discuss, before giving feedback
    * Robert, what kinds of issues are we talking back when should it not be
      the moderation team
      * Benjamin, the moderation team only handles CoC violations
    * Robert, is the challenge time
    * Benjamin, it’s more about getting feedback more quickly in the simpler cases and to
      empower TSC members to send timely feedback.
    * Process something like send email, wait 2 working days.
    * Antione, emails can sometime best lost, so require at least 2 +1s as well.
    * Geoffrey, would also be good to mention in slack
    * Robert should be all, or specific set of people
    * Antoine, good to have everybody

* Creation of an official Discord server for the Node.js project [#872](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/872)
  * Geoffrey, asked about moderation team, response was there is no bandwidth
  * Tobias, existing moderators would be continue to moderate
  * Main benefit for the project would be for the project to make announcements, but would not
    put additional responsibility.
  * Benefit for the ecosystem is greater than for project itself.
  * Joyee, are we spinning up a new one or getting together with an existing one.
  * The one that discussion is with is Nodeiflux

### nodejs/next-10

* Next 10 - Funding Deep Dive [#273](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/273)
  * doodle will go out to find a new time.

## Strategic Initiatives

* skipped for this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
