# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-01-24

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzBhROQFcDE>
  * seems like the recording dropped at 34mins, not sure why, unfortunately because
    there was a lot of good discussion
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1495>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* James Snell @jasnell (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (regular member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Antoine - 2 successful collaborator nominations - lemire and zcbenz

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* enable corepack by default [#50963](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/50963)
  * Myles, speaking as fellow collaborator
    * Believe questions are being framed incorrectly
    * Question is about enabling yarn, pump and having them just work
    * When looking at what Node.js is shipping only 10% is coming from supported Node.js
      versions, lots still come from older versions
    * yarn and pnpm have large enough downloads,
    * npm don’t want to support/integrate with corepack as it does not fit with view of how
      package managers should be integrated
    * corepack was started due to context that limited willingness to add yarn/pnpm to Node.js,
      but extended beyond that.
    * believe we should make yarn and pnpm just work, but that does not necessarily mean
      corepack
    * should define governance for supporting clients
  * Michael
    * Need to factor in work on the project to support any particular solution
  * Richard, if npm was not currently bundled we probably would not bundle, so if we define
     criteria for bundling, npm would likely not meet them. Situation is not equitable, but we have
     historical baggage and those constrain what is reasonable.
  * Michael a bit of a response
  * Geoffrey
    * Sounds great in abstract that we let yarn/pnpm run without doing anything but at what
      cost?
    * It’s finding an option with the right cost/value balance
  * Myles
    * Question, is are we going to ship these and take on responsibility for the clients
    * Corepack tries to take those on, but does it actually let us say “no” to us taking on
      responsibility
  * James, do believe it’s an important distinction that it does not bundle the clients that should
    not be lost. Exploring different options does make sense.
  * Myles yarn, pnpm just working can lead people to thinking its the same, which is a concern.
  * Myles in support of finding equitable environment
  * Richard - installing things, having up front questions, that is how npx works, current
    corepack, seems similar,  current npx asks if you are going to install
  * Geoffrey, somebody needs to be champion to finding consensus. Issues and PRs need to
    be opened to capture goals, etc.
  * Ruy, in the first discussion back in 2020, there were lots of questions back them, and
    agreement was that we should run an experiment.
  * Geoffrey, just because we skipped finding consensus earlier, does not mean that we have
    to accept implementation.
  * Richard, unfair to characterize as non-consensus
  * Geoffrey, consensus as experiment is quite different than implementation
  * Michael, Ruys point I think is that it should not be a surprise that there are still divergent
    opinions because those were raised and what was agreed was only an experiment.
  * Geoffrey, will post comment that TSC members who were present, best way to move
    forward is to define goals, and work on agreement on those. Getting those PR’d into some
    Node.js doc even if that requires a TSC vote is a prereq.

* lib: promote process.binding/_tickCallback to runtime deprecation [#50687](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/50687)
  * skipped for this week

* lib: rewrite AsyncLocalStorage without async_hooks [#48528](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/48528)
  * @lgendecas will check with Stephen if this can be removed from agenda, there was progress
    on the V8 front, so it might be unblocked.

### nodejs/admin

* Redesign of Node.js Website [#818](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/818)
  * removed from agenda, as presentation was made last week.

* Events / Collaborator Summits for 2024 [#814](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/814)
  * Have confirmation that they can host the collaborator summit, took a while due to estimate of
    attendance. Have space for 30-35 people on April 3-4.
  * Question is if there is enough time to get people to show up to event. Maybe we should do a
    poll, if we get enough people then we can move forward, otherwise we can move to some
    time later in the year.
  * Michael, is it possible to have Node.js track?
    * Joyee, not sure but should run survey in parallel
  * Joyee, people ok with the plan.
    * Have space for 30-35 people on April 3-4, in London
    * run poll to see how many people are planning to attend the summit
    * wait for a week to see how many people are planning to go.
    * If number is enough for critical mass, if not then we should plan to delay.
  * Ruy, propose hosting collaborator summit collocated with conference in Colombia, end of October this year

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
