# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-07-17

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4uIFgvRRUM>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1596>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)
* Joe Sepi @<sepi@joesepi.com> (Guest - Node.js CPC rep)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Rafael about to promote 22.5.0 !

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

* Actively looking for location for collaborator summit for the days after NodeConf.eu. If your
  company could provide a space we love to hear from you.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* CPC update
  * working on code of conduct team selection processes

* Board meeting update
  * No updates from the board this week

### nodejs/node

* module: unflag detect-module [#53619](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/53619)
  * Geoffrey, discussing with Antoine to split out the work. Main question is if we are ok with
    landing change to flag. Flag continues to exist, but default becomes on. Would stay as
    experimental, we could backport to 22, and would let it back there for a while.
  * Michael, if I remember correctly, this one we thought was not breaking, but has a higher
    chance that it might cause unforeseen issues. So better to have in 22 before goes LTS.
  * Geoffrey/Matteo correct.
  * No objections from TSC members in the meeting.

* inspector: add initial support for network inspection [#53593](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/53593)
  * Chrome helped us resolve the issue and Chengzhong is helping it along :)
  * Chengzhong: reaching out to Danil to draft a design doc
  * Benjamin, positive reaction from Chrome dev tools team and progress is being made.
  * agenda tag already removed

* module: add --experimental-strip-types [53725](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/53725)
  * Benjamin, strategic decisions, lots of stake holders. Good to make a few decisions to help
    conversation along.
    * Benjamin, ok to land and iterate, but we allow as much breakage etc.
    * Matteo, 2 takes.
      * First one is that we should try to have meeting with the Typescript team. Should wait until
        we get their feedback. Seems like the asked for some time. Ok with landing and removing
        later
    * Marco
      * Currently blocked as swc having trouble with some architectures so still some time before
         it would land anyway.
      * Feedback from TypeScript team is very favorable. Created package to wrap swc which
        would go under the Node.js organization.
      * This would allow us to move versions forward more easily.
      * With that said waiting is good, how long and should be block based on that?
    * Paolo
      * Even for experimental features we overthink things. We should release something and
        experiment and gather feedback from others
    * Geoffrey
      * main concern, I tried it out  and there needs to be way better error messages. Had
        discussed landing but holding it back until docs are updated to avoid swarm of confused
        users. Can help write those. Not  necessarily a need to rush.
      * In terms of the TypeScript team, none of them are collaborators but they obviously want to
        block, do we want to progress with it in that state?
  * Matteo
    * I agree with Geoffrey. We should talk to TypeScript team, ask for a timeline, have a meeting
      with them. They are a key part of the ecosystem. We should not likely ship something they
      are not ok with unless we are really sure it is what our users need.
  * Michael
    * If its more like a PoC, then possibly a compile time guard makes sense
  * Paolo
  * ok if we wait for feedback from the TypeScript team if we timebox it.
  * Robert
    * If we don’t compile it by default, then no point because people won’t try it out.
    * We could just wait until the PR is ready versus garding
  * Geoffrey, would like to give them timeline that would let us hit 23. Also why not both?
    previous approach was to error and then have output that would tell people
    to run X to install.  Strip types could be limited and then hooks
    could be used for full integration.
    * Do people agree that we should update docs? That would mean waiting a few weeks
  * Antoine
    * If it stays as a PR it’s hard for people to contribute to it. If it’s not in main, the bar is high for
      test. We may only get 10 people using it with compile flag but that is more than if it waits as
      a PR
    * In terms of docs, early adopters don’t necessarily need good docs
  * Paolo, seems reasonable to give TypeScript team at most one month. In terms of docs, we
    don’t want to set in stone, and its a lot of work to update docs.
  * Matteo, would give TypeScript team until the end of august
  * Benjamin, lets try and get Daniel on the TSC meeting next week and voice their concerns
  * Marco, have gotten some positive feedback from people on tc39
    * Proposal is to:
      * externalize into npm module
      * include the npm module in Node.js just like npm
      * already created the PR to do that.
      * will create WASM from source code
      * PR will look similar, but will include source code and wrap swc
  * Benjamin
    * Can we agree on landing
  * Antoine, only the compile time option is on the table because of the architectures side of
    Things. Marco believe latest version from swc will be addressed
  * Geoffrey, land but hold back from release, but increases the chances of backports
  * Richard, likely not a Node.js 22.x release in next few weeks anyway.
  * Michael
    * one approach, land in main with compile time option, backport that to 22.x, then remove
      the compile time option in main. That keeps most code consistent for backporting while
      not enabling in 22.x in shipping versions. If its not ready for 23 we could then re-add
      the compile time guard (or not if it is ready)
    

### nodejs/TSC

* New Strategic Initiative on Primordials [#1439](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1439)
  * Nothing to discuss until we hear back from Antoine and Ruben on their recommendations

### nodejs/next-10

* Next 10 - Funding Deep Dive [#273](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/273)
  * should have been removed from the agenda, nothing to discuss.

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
