# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-05-29

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JozMSbNCFaI>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1563>

## Present

* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)
* Rich Trott @Trott (regular member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Matteo: CFP is open for NodeConf.eu
  * Geoffrey: does it matter when you submit?
  * Matteo: Tip is, the earlier you send the better.

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Matteo, SQLite was approved by the board, Yay!
* Matteo, new OpenJS sustainability program with Hero Devs as first participant was also
  approved/launched
* Slight charter change in CPC

### nodejs/node

* Ambassador program [#52857](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/52857)
  * FYI - on agenda as TSC will be approvers of nomineeds

* deps,lib,src: add experimental web storage [#52435](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/52435)
  * On agenda waiting for SQLite, agenda tag removed

### nodejs/TSC

* Open OpenCollective and Github Sponsors for Node.js [#1553](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1553)
  * Matteo, does not seem to be agreement, so added to agenda
  * It is a way to gather significant $, eslint has collected 5k to 6k/month
  * Gireesh: should discuss further, as long as there are items that people don’t volunteer for, it
    would be good to figure out how to fund those activities
  * Rich: has never seen paying collaborators work
  * Michael: model that has worked is funding for security lead
  * Matteo: my take is easy, one option is we open up OpenCollective but we don’t distribute, but
    we keep in similar way as security LFX. We deploy in a specific need for the project. Could be
    renting spot for the collaborator summit.
  * Michael: that model seems more practical as well.
  * Rich, how much has the Foundation been involved in the topic.
  * Matteo, by the bylaws of the foundation the Node.js TSC can create a Crowdfunding account
    using the trademark. Eslint has followed the model, Matteo outlined the wording used.
  * Rich, has anybody talked to the ESLint TSC about what worked/not worked?
  * Matteo, Webpack has raised $1.5M
  * Rich, want to understand the problem that occurred when they went to spend it
  * Matteo: <https://opencollective.com/webpack/transactions>
  * Discussion to continue in issue.

* Allow collaborators to share Github Sponsors link in project readme [#1552](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1552)
  * Rich, seems ok as long as there is no endorsement
  * Ruy, Antoine discussion should be open to all collaborators
  * Ok, lets have the follow on discussion in the PR for the documentation.
    * Michael volunteered to open documentation PR.

* Package-maintenance, installation approach viewpoint [#1549](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1549)
  * Geoffrey, next step is to get the Website instructions updated, before we
    restart the discussions on Corepack.
  * No objections from those in meeting

* Coordinating nodejs security audit report finalization and publication [#1546](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1546)
  * No update this week

* Revert "module: have a single hooks thread for all workers" [53183](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/53183)
  * Matteo: believe we should revert because of recent breakage in experimental feature, was
    not clearly marked as such. Broke angular, platformatica. Since we know its broken a number
    of changes, but should have been better planned. Maybe breakage can be avoided. Part of
    the issue is that testing was not in regular tests.
  * Geoffrey, PR was opened a few hours ago to fix it. Aiming for solution that will keep the single
    thread, while solving the issue. Paolo is working with him on it as well.
  * Michael: my understanding is that breakage was unintentional, so in that context, a revert
    makes sense.
  * Paolo: but unexpected that it even worked the way it did before
  * Geoffrey: that is what makes is complicated is that it was not expected to work. Trying to
    avoid land, unland, etc. What’s the cutoff for the next 22.x release
  * Geoffrey: what time does fix need to be in place
  * Marco: next 22 release is next week, or a couple of weeks, last one was 15th, so should be
    one next week if we get a volunteer.
  * Paolo:  Need to document what should/should not be supported
  * Geoffrey: There is an open PR to document that.

### nodejs/tap2junit

* add publishing credentials to repo secrets [#56](https://github.com/nodejs/tap2junit/issues/56)
  * skipped as we ran out of time

### nodejs/next-10

* Planning for next deep dive  - Funding  [#273](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/273)
  * Already mentioned in discussions above

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
