# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-09-18

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxDQPQWQGEo>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1619>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)
* Guy Bedford (Guest)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Marco, survey open for collaborators, please complete
* Richard, Rafael released - 22.9.0
* Matteo, there is a registration for if you are planning to go to the collaborator summit. Mandatory  because we need it for planning, if you don’t fill in you don’t eat. <https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfQoFoTSu_M1TTxy1LbPloxsKr6b9rAa3H96VGZAZHuZQRiyw/viewform?usp=send_form>

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Matteo, board meeting is at end of next week. No updates right now
* Biggest, thing to mention, Chris Williams donated JSConf trademark to the OpenJS
  foundation, this means the conf next year should be JSConf. Great that it’s coming back
  * Joyee, do we have any idea as when it might be, for collaborator summit colocation
  * Matteo, we should know the date/time soon as you need 9-12 months to book a venue.
    Will be in NA.
* Express is moving along again, recently addressed a number of CVEs
  * Also published V5 but not yet tagged as latest
* Webpack is establishing new governance and getting from fresh blood.

### nodejs/node

* module: support __cjsUnwrapDefault interop flag in require(esm) [#54563](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/54563)
  * Guy, not too many comments since last week
  * Joyee, still coming down to 2 options and don’t seem to have a way to resolve
    * propose that we have a vote, no objections from the 12
    * Joyee will volunteer to open the vote issue

### nodejs/TSC

* Let's talk about the CI situation [#1614](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1614)
  * Michael, most pain has been removed, by mass marking tests as flaky
  * Joyee, people are kind of trying to “pretend there is no problem”, we’ve had a few cycles of
    this and not a great long term solution.
  * Marco, is it even possible to use some funds to have people work on fixing the flaky tests
    * Michael, if we go $ from Herodevs seems like a good place to invest to me.
  * Gireesh, used to spend some time to help, but have not had time recently
    * what is the cause, tests less robust ?
    * Joyee, good number are likely caused by V8 drain task bug
    * 50/50 in terms of actual bugs and tests not being good
  * Marco, from what I can tell, will be hard to do anything until we have funding, due to lack of volunteers.
  * Michael, unless we can find a team of people to work together then using fundings
  * Matteo, issue is that often that with flaky tests they it is on platforms that may not be
    developers usual platform.
  * Joyee, watch tests are flaky on multiple platforms but also on Windows, most tests that fail on
    a particular platform are generally just easier to reproduce on those platforms.
    * also require some access.
    * would be good for people who watch platforms (like AIX) look for flakes, but AIX is not really
      the project
  * Michael, any objections/concerns with using $ if we have some to pay some people to
    * No objections
  * Joyee will need to define what the objectives
  * Marco, in terms of existing funds in the security bug bounty, best to leave that in case we
    have urgent security work that is needed. We also should handle any investment as a longer
    term effort.
  * Matteo, don’t think we should use the existing bounty $, or use bounty approach. Should
    have proposal were we hire somebody more long term
  * Michael, agree that we don’t use bug bounty and should hire resource longer term
  * Marco, windows arm64 is a common problem
  * Ruben, agree maybe we should invest in machines as timeout seem machine related.
  * Joyee, many of the timeouts are likely the V8 bug not the machine itself.
  * Richard, machines are donated, in many cases in the tests a machine is only running one
    time at a time, parallel tests run in parallel, but increasing machine size will just run more in
    parallel.
  * Ruben if we want to spend $ to improve things then maybe spend $ on the build front
    * Richard, not convinced that it will help.
  * Michael the fact that marking a bunch of tests as flaky improved getting the CI to complete
    says to me that it is the tests, not the machines that were the problem.
  * Richard, no macos testing in Jenkins, all that we have right now is ARM in GitHub
    * there is a migration,
  * Joyee, people or funded, and resources need are lined up for OSX
    * Michael, resources lined up with MacStadium and volunteers and Linux LFX
      resources are working on it
    * Joyee, we are covered for osx stuff, and we really need to get resource to help with flaky
      tests and larger machines.
    * Richard not convinced that larger machines will make a difference
    * Michael, don’t think there is anybody in the build WG that believe that machines are too small and causing the test issues
    * Joyee, as far as I can see, adding more machines won’t help.

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
