# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-04-17

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c-_psfoKqs>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1530>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gzXGci8p8QGqXFLb5zx-lxa1Gy6J7V9A47IUqhznjDw/edit>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Antoine: a few teams accidentally deleted, if you got an email saying you were removed, please let us know if you received an email and we will add you back in.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates this week

### nodejs/node

* tools: change inactive limit to 9 months [#52459](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/52459)
  * One suggestion to push to security wg to comment/provide an opinion
  * Richard, that would make sense to me, we have a threat model for Node.js usage. We don’t have a threat model on how the projects work in terms of supply chain security. Would be a good idea to develop that.
  * Michael, documenting the model makes a lot of sense to me, and asking security wg to do first pass.
  * Robert agree, but want to make sure we don’t turn into a large issue that is too big to make any progress on
  * Richard, suggestion is really just to document what we already do
  * Michael will open issue in security wg repo, will tag Yagiz on issue and also leave on the agenda so we can discuss again when other TSC members are on the call.

* deps,lib,src: add experimental web storage [#52435](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/52435)
  * problem is we need approval for sqlite because the licence is not classified as open source,
    and is not on the Foundation approved list. It says it is Public domain, but that is not classified
    as Open source.  Relatively easy to get approval for OSI approved license, harder to get
    non-OSI approved license. But will cost $.
  * Paolo, is there any alternative ? Matteo, lmdb
  * Geoffrey, Collin believes sqlite is preferred for future uses as
    well so that could mean its worth
  * Geoffrey, looks like sqlite is already part of Electron, can we ask if that makes it easier
    to get an ok include it.
  * Paolo, since public domain, our option is also to fork? Matteo does not work like that
  * Antoine, is it possible to fork, developed in a closed model, but souce is available. Maybe we
    can use Chromium fork?
  * Joyee what about - <https://github.com/tursodatabase/libsql>, it’s licensed under MIT.
  * Robert, should we just forward to Robin, first lets add the questions in doc that shared in TSC
    slack channel

* deps: remove corepack [#51981](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/51981)
  * agreed to remove tsc_agenda until package maintenance team makes a proposal

* build: enable `yarn` and `pnpm` Corepack binaries by default [#51886](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/51886)
  * agreed to remove tsc_agenda until package maintenance team makes a proposal

### nodejs/TSC

* Update meeting times? 1528
  * On agenda as FYI, will generate new time proposals at end of the week.

* Proposal to reduce inactive collaborator duration [#1524](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1524)
  * related to the PR we discussed earlier, agreed to defer discussion based on ask to security wg to look at bigger picture but leave on agenda so other TSC members can discuss again next week.

### nodejs/admin

* Events / Collaborator Summits for 2024 [#814](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/814)
  * Ruy, proposing Colombia as the next one ad JSConf Colombia
  * Geoffrey what about Ireland, Ruy already did one in London which is Europe and we try to
    alternate

### nodejs/corepack

* fix: remove npm [#418](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack/pull/418)
  * agreed to remove tsc_agenda until package maintenance team makes a proposal

## Strategic Initiatives

* skipped as we ran out of time

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
