# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-10-02

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BW8OTqdGBZg>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1626>

## Present

* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* James Snell @jasnell (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)
* Ryan Aslett (Guest from build team)
* Ulises Gascon (Guest from build team)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* No updates this week

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Heads-up: Potential Delay in macOS Infrastructure for Node.js v23 [55181](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/55181)
  * Recently got old infra back on-line
  * If cannot compile on existing infra
    * First step is to figure out if we can use existing infra to build 23 (for example
  * Richard we shipped without Windows support before
  * There is some sequencing, and in terms of delay risk that we don’t really know how long that
    delay would have to be. Richard I would lean towards shipping on time, but without MacOS
  * Ryan on challenge is getting additional nodes to support full testing, we might be able to do
    one time builds on the nodes we already have.
  * Michael correct me if I’m wrong but we don’t have that in place, right?
    * for testing maybe, but not yet for release, best approach is probably to ship minus MacOS
  * Michael also lean towards shipping without MacOS, any objections from those in the meeting
    * no objections from those in the meeting
  * Ulises, who is going to do the release
    * Rafael, I’m planning to do it
  * Ulises, maybe we should coordinate through slack. Rafael sounds good.
  * Rafael, would try the one-time build if we can, but need to take a look at the issue to figure it
    out.

* module: support __cjsUnwrapDefault interop flag in require(esm) [#54563](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/54563)
  * vote complete, PR with results landed

### nodejs/TSC

* Node.js CPC reps [1627](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1627)
  * on agenda as an FYI as its elections/nomination time on the CPC side.

* module: unflag --experimental-require-module #55085
  * recommendation to have some additional conditions to be backported in 22
    * draft PR <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/55217>
    * most problems are due to warning, suggest that we disable warning for calls made in node_modules in 22
    * may not make 22 LTS switch
    * Michael SemVer minor
    * Rafael can land after switch. Lets keep to original plan of getting feedback on 23.
    * Joyee, Matteo suggested we try to get it in LTS promotion release
    * Richard LTS release is planned for Oct 29th release, based on policy it would need to
      be in a release by Oct 15. Would prefer not to rush, but if ready
    * Joyee will work on additional patches, if it makes it then good, otherwise it can go after the
      LTS switch
    * Richard to clarify it’s just about unflagging

* Let's talk about the CI situation [#1614](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1614)
  * Ryan just added back macos infra after figuring out and fixing what was contributing to the
    space issues.
  * James, took 19 runs to get a PR through
  * Seems like there is a deadlock at process shutdown that is contributing to a bunch of flakes
  * James we just need to spend more time investigating flaky tests
  * One next step is statement of work for what that would look like

## Strategic Initiatives

* QUIC - James landed another PR that starts to add internal JavaScript API. Next big chunk
  likely come in December. Started testing about other implementations. Making progress!
* Chengzhong, no updates this week
* Joyee, recent pull request to fix stack trace limit (<https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/55121>), also found there is no documentation page
  for snapshots. Info is scattered in cli.md and v8.md. Plan to add page for that.
* Next-10, collaborator health survey closes soon, please fill out.

## Other

James, working with Igalia on some changes related to the sandbox, in particular isolate group. The hope would be that we can take advantage of that in Node.js as well and enable pointer compression and have multiple sandboxes, one per worker.

Other thing is light weight isolate clones, copy on write after that. Also hope we can take advantage of that to speed up worker threads etc. Will provides updates as it lands.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
