# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-01-31

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9FJr44gA4Y>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1497>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Richard -> Security releases announced for next Tuesday

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Matteo, ongoing vote on the board, on approving blueoak 2 as a license
  * it is a license in the npm tree
  * it was recently approved as an OSI license

* Matteo, progress on the travel fund, PR open
  * biggest change unlikely for one individual to receive grant more than once per year

* Michael. Progress on CoC handling PR is likely in final form, good time to review if that is of
  interest to yes.

### nodejs/node

* lib: promote process.binding/_tickCallback to runtime deprecation [#50687](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/50687)
  * Joyee remove from TSC agenda, as there is a GitHub discussion as the discussion is moving
    forward in an discussion item.

* lib: rewrite AsyncLocalStorage without async_hooks [#48528](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/48528)
  * legendecas: tsc-agenda label removed and waiting for follow-up from @Qard
  * agenda item removed with comment from Chengzong.

### nodejs/admin

* Redesign of Node.js Website [#818](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/818)
  * Agenda tag should have been removed, nothing to discuss

* Events / Collaborator Summits for 2024 [#814](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/814)
  * Host needs signed liability agreement, should consider plan b, if there is a problem with the
    liability agreement, host agreed to sponsor external space if we can’t get the Foundation to
    sign the liability agreement.
  * From the responses (19) there are enough maybes that we could have more than ½ of TSC if
     all maybes attend.
  * Remaining question, should we move forward and should we announce sponsor in advance
    of the liability agreement.

### nodejs/undici

* fix: expose EventSource for nodejs [#2645](https://github.com/nodejs/undici/pull/2645)
  * no concern in terms of implementation, EventSource is WhatWG api, and this would
    provide an implementation
  * mostly has concerns chime in FYI, otherwise most likely to move forward.

### nodejs/next-10

* Deep Dive: Advocacy and promotion for the project [#247](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/247)
  * On agenda as an FYI - date tentatively set for Feb 29th, 11-1 ET

## Strategic Initiatives

* Core promise APIs - Antoine, no update this week
* Shadow Realm, Chengzong, no update this week
* Startup Snapshot, Joyee, no update
* Next-10, Michael - just FYI on next deep dive above
* Primordials, Benjamin, no update

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
