# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-06-05

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoLfYXhz2N0>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1567>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates this week

### nodejs/node

* module: allow module.register from workers [#53200](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/53200)
  * regression in 20.x due to how loaders are working.
    * Richard: the original cause was reverted. Will get pulled in to 20.x release next week unless
      the fixes are ready.
    * There are a couple of parallel fixes in flight
  * Paolo, lets skip for today, don’t think there is a specific questions, but need other TSC
    members to answer if we can take of the agenda or not

* src: make `--env-file` return warning when not found [#53177](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/53177)
  * Ruy, pr proposing to stop throwing if the file is missing.
    * Ruy, for those in production probably want the strict behavior, but local developer may want
      a something less strict. The other option is to add a flag to allow the less strict behaviour
  * Benjamin, a warning is probably a good compromise between the two
  * Antoine, adding a new flag to allow less strict behavior because it is addresses needs of
    both cases
  * Ruy, one of the reasons I prefer the change of behavior, is that environment variables are
    already an optional thing (they may or may not be there), but with additional info about
    people wanting to be more strict, so additional flag would be good.
  * Michael is it SemVer major ?
  * Richard, no it is experimental, and it has been switched already
  * No people blocking, so it can land, was on agenda to make sure TSC members were aware
    had a chance to take a look.

### nodejs/nodejs.org

* Require TSC approval for stances [#6772](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/6772)
  * There was a PR to require TSC approval about any stance on the website. It was landed in
    advance of our discussion, but seems like there is consensus, if any concerns please raise
    and discussion/revert can occur.
  * Richard, this is not the first time this has come up. Believe we had discussed, but can’t find
    evidence on this. We should document what our approach is.

### nodejs/TSC

* Module customization hooks and worker threads [#1566](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1566)
  * Paolo, lets skip for today, don’t think there is a specific questions, but need other TSC
    members to answer if we can take of the agenda or not.

* Open OpenCollective and Github Sponsors for Node.js [#1553](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1553)
  * No specific question, nothing specific to discuss this week.

* Coordinating nodejs security audit report finalization and publication [#1546](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1546)
  * We have not received the report yet so nothing to discuss

### nodejs/next-10

* Next 10 - Funding Deep Dive [#273](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/273)
  * Just an FYI

## Strategic Initiatives

* Antoine, core promise apis - no update
* Chengzhong - shadow realm - no update
* Michael - Next -10
  * Funding Deep Dive, next week
  * Survey is closed, over 3000 participants,
  * Marco - doing research on future planned deep dive on improving collaborator environment
* Benjamin - primordials - no update

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
